Update service principal permissions requirements (#922)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azuread: docs/resources/service_principal.md

When authenticated with a service principal, this resource requires one of the following application roles: `Application.ReadWrite.All` or `Directory.ReadWrite.All`

> It is possible to manage service principals whilst having only the `Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy` role granted, however only the service principal itself can be set as the owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may be possible to manage service principals whilst having only the `Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy` role granted, however you must ensure that both the underlying application and the service principal have the Terraform principal as an owner.
```
